feat: [AH-3049] Open source contributions documentation (#184)
cognitedata/indsl: docs-source/source/contribute.rst

important and making our library more robust over time is of paramount importance. Please don't hesitate to submit a
Github pull request for something as small as a typo.*

> Open source contributions

Reviewer: This is a repeating a bit what is stated above. 
I think we should remove the list as it is almost the same as above. 
Cognite Hub is described in the paragraph above as well. 

I like that you added Code of Conduct

=========================

Thank you for considering contributing to InDSL! We welcome all contributions, including but not limited to the following:

    * Bug reports
    * Code contributions
    * Reviewing pull requests
    * Documentation improvements
    * Sharing the project with others

We encourage you to read this document to understand how to contribute to the project. If you have any questions, please
reach out to us on `Cognite Hub <https://hub.cognite.com/>`_. We are happy to help you get started, and we welcome your
efforts to improve InDSL as long as everyone involved is treated with respect. Cordiality is highly appreciated. 
Please read our `Code of Conduct <https://indsl.docs.cognite.com/code_of_conduct.html>`_ before contributing.

> Code contributions

Reviewer: This paragraph can be merged with "Open source contributions" paragraph

------------------

A good PR should be concise, clear, and easy to understand. In order to contribute, follow these steps:

1. **Fork the repository**: Fork the `repository <https://github.com/cognitedata/indsl>`_ 
to your own GitHub account.

2. **Run the tests**: Confirm that the tests pass on your local machine. We use `pytest` for testing. 

> If they fail, investigate why they do. If you are unable to fix the issue, please reach out to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they fail and you are unable to fix the issue, please reach out to us.
```

as long as everyone involved is treated with respect. Cordiality is highly appreciated. 
Please read our `Code of Conduct <https://indsl.docs.cognite.com/code_of_conduct.html>`_ before contributing.

A good PR should be concise, clear, and easy to understand. In order to contribute, follow these steps:

1. **Fork the repository**: Fork the `repository <https://github.com/cognitedata/indsl>`_ 
to your own GitHub account.

2. **Run the tests**: Confirm that the tests pass on your local machine. We use `pytest` for testing. 
If they fail and you are unable to fix the issue, please reach out to us.

3. **Make your changes**: Make your changes to the code base. Make sure to follow the coding style and documentation guidelines.
Pre-commit checks will run automatically when you push your changes.
You can also run pre-commit checks manually for all staged files by running ``poetry run pre-commit run --all-files``. 
We follow the Google Python Style Guide for docstrings.

4. **Write tests**: If you are adding a new feature or fixing a bug, write tests using the `pytest` framework to cover the new code. 
Make sure that they pass.

> 5. **Make a pull request**: Once you are satisfied with your changes and all of the tests pass, make a pull request

Reviewer: maybe `base repository` is the better wording

Github pull request for something as small as a typo.*

Open source contributions
=========================

Thank you for considering contributing to InDSL! We welcome all contributions as listed above.
We encourage you to read this document to understand how to contribute to the project.
Also, we are happy to help you get started, and we welcome your efforts to improve InDSL 
as long as everyone involved is treated with respect. Cordiality is highly appreciated. 
Please read our `Code of Conduct <https://indsl.docs.cognite.com/code_of_conduct.html>`_ before contributing.

A good PR should be concise, clear, and easy to understand. In order to contribute, follow these steps:

1. **Fork the repository**: Fork the `repository <https://github.com/cognitedata/indsl>`_ 
to your own GitHub account.

2. **Run the tests**: Confirm that the tests pass on your local machine. We use `pytest` for testing. 
If they fail and you are unable to fix the issue, please reach out to us.

3. **Make your changes**: Make your changes to the code base. Make sure to follow the coding style and documentation guidelines.

> We use Flake8 to enforce the coding style, which in addition to pre-commit checks, will run automatically when you push your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Pre-commit checks will run automatically when you push your changes.
```

You can also run pre-commit checks manually for all staged files by running ``poetry run pre-commit run --all-files``. 

> You can find the full list of formatting requirements specified in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `.pre-commit-config.yaml <https://github.com/cognitedata/indsl/blob/main/.pre-commit-config.yaml>`_ file in the root of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We follow the Google Python Style Guide for docstrings.

4. **Write tests**: If you are adding a new feature or fixing a bug, write tests using the `pytest` framework to cover the new code. 
Make sure that they pass.

5. **Make a pull request**: Once you are satisfied with your changes and all of the tests pass, make a pull request to 

> the main repository using the conventional commit message format.

Reviewer: add a link to indsl

Author: That link is at the top of the "Contributing" section though

Reviewer: It can be confusing to know what we mean by "main repository"

Author: Then i think it's better to change the wording here

   pip install poetry

1. For open source contributions, fork the `InDSL <https://github.com/cognitedata/indsl>`_ main repository on
   GitHub to your local environment. If you are a Cognite employee or this contribution is internal, 
   you may clone the repository directly by switching out `yourusername` with 

>    `cognitedata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If this contribution is internal, 
   you may clone the repository directly.
```

.. prompt:: bash $

>     git clone git@github.com:yourusername/indsl.git

Reviewer: do not change anything here
